When you build the demo projects, there is a post-build step that will automatically deploy them on the local development machine by copying the output files into a sub-folder of Paratext's *plugins* folder (assuming you have correctly set the ParatextInstallDir environment variable as described in the [Setup Instructions](/paratext/paratext-demo-plugins/wiki/Setup%20Instructions).

To create your own plugin, you will probably want to copy this post-build command and include it in your own project so you can easily test your plugin during development. When you are ready to distribute the plugin to others, you will probably want to create an installer to allow for easy deployment. For Paratext to recognize and load a plugin, it must be in a sub-folder of the *plugins* folder where Paratext is installed. Ideally, plugins should have unique names; however there is no way to ensure this since plugin developers can't possibly know whether another developer might be creating a plugin different with the same name. To prevent collisions, each plugin must be installed in its own sub-folder, so ideally installers should include the capability to select a folder different name if an existing plugin has already been installed in the default location.

We have not yet settled on a strategy for making it easy for users to browse a list of known plugins. Our thought is to set up a place on the Web (either on Paratext's site, or on a companion site that Paratext's site could link to). Eventually, we might want to have some kind of testing or certification process so that plugins can be listed as certified or not. Eventually, we foresee the Plugin Manager in Paratext as having a link that would take the user to the page of officially recognized plugins. For now, plugin developers are on their own for advertising plugins and making the installers available for download.